(DOCSP-28889): Kotlin IA Revamp - Manage Users section (#2710)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/kotlin/users.txt

   Register Users </sdk/kotlin/users/register-users>
   Authenticate Users </sdk/kotlin/users/authenticate-users>
   Link User Identities </sdk/kotlin/users/link-credentials>
   Create & Manage User API Keys </sdk/kotlin/users/manage-user-api-keys>
   Custom User Data </sdk/kotlin/users/custom-user-data>
   Delete Users </sdk/kotlin/users/delete-users>

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

To access Atlas App Services and use Atlas Device Sync with the Realm Kotlin SDK,
you must first authenticate a user with an App Services authentication provider.

For more information on configuring App Services Authentication,
refer to :ref:`App Services Authentication <users-and-authentication>` in the
Atlas App Services documentation.

.. _kotlin-creating-and-deleting-users:

Create and Delete Users
-----------------------

For all authentication providers other than email/password authentication,
App Services automatically :ref:`registers a user <kotlin-register>`
the first time a user authenticates.
When using the email/password authentication provider, you must
:ref:`manually register a user <kotlin-manage-email-password-users>`.

> If a user authenticates via more than one method,
> you can :ref:`link these user identities <kotlin-link-user-identities>`
> to a single user object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user authenticates via more than one method,
you can :ref:`link the user identities <kotlin-link-user-identities>`
for each method to a single user account.
```

You can also :ref:`delete users <kotlin-delete-users>`. Deleting a user
removes metadata attached to the user from App Services, but does not delete user-entered
data from the backend.

.. include:: /includes/apple-account-deletion-requirements.rst

.. _kotlin-access-the-app-client:

Log Users In and Out
--------------------

Use one or more :ref:`authentication providers <auth-providers>` to :ref:`log
users in and out <kotlin-authenticate>` of your client app. You can:

- Log users in with an existing social account, such as Apple, Facebook,
  or Google.
- Create new user accounts with App Services email/password management
  or your own custom function or custom JWT user management.
- Enable anonymous users to let users access your App Services App without persisting
  user data.

When you have a logged-in user, you can:

- :ref:`Open a synced realm <kotlin-open-a-synced-realm>` with the user's
  configuration object
- :ref:`Run a backend function <kotlin-call-function>` as the logged-in user
- :ref:`Log the user out <kotlin-logout>`

> - :ref:`Delete a user <kotlin-delete-users>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :ref:`Delete the user's account <kotlin-delete-users>`
```

.. TODO: Add bullets for changing active user in a multi-user app and removing user 

> .. the device when Work with Multiple Users page is added

Reviewer: Confirming that we intend to merge this TODO

On successful login, the Kotlin SDK caches credentials on the device. You
can bypass the login flow and access the cached user. Use this to open a
realm or call an Atlas Function upon subsequent app opens.

User Object
~~~~~~~~~~~

App Services manages sessions with access tokens and refresh tokens.

> Client SDKs supply the logic to manage tokens, and provide them with requests.

Reviewer: This feels out of place to me. Tokens are the only thing we mention in this section and they're relevant to User Sessions, not the data in `Realm.User` objects.

Also user objects aren't really a subsection of login/logout so much as their own section w/ custom user data as a subsection.

Could we reframe both of these sections as a "Get User Data" section or similar?

Author: This page was a shameless steal from Flutter's landing page, so I didn't edit much in terms of content, but good call. I've updated to change the heading levels and tweak this section a bit.

> .. TODO: uncomment out text and add link to bullet list when user metadata page is added

Reviewer: Confirming that we intend to merge this TODO
